<h1>Type a Page</h1>
<p>Please re-type the content of the PDF page (a link is provided below). Please note,</p>
<ul>
    <li>You will need a PDF viewer. If you do not already have a PDF viewer, you can <a href="http://get.adobe.com/reader/">download Adobe Reader</a>.</li>
    <li>Please use your best judgement for including hand-written notes.</li>
    <li>If you encounter something that's unrecognizable or unclear, do your best, then include three exclamation marks (!!!) to indicate that a problem occurred.</li>
    <li>Please use exact capitalization spacing and punctuation.</li>
    <li>In general, do not worry about formatting. Type each paragraph without carriage returns, and include a single carriage return between paragraphs.</li>
    <li>If you encounter tables, type each row on the same line using the pipe (|) to separate columns.</li>
</ul>
<p>The page is displayed below. If you prefer, you can use a <a href="{page_url}">link to the page</a> to save the file or open it in a separate window (using right-click and Save Link As or Save Target As).</p>
<p><iframe width="100%" height="50%" src="{page_url}">[Your browser does <em>not</em> support <code>iframe</code>,
or has been configured not to display inline frames.
You can access <a href="{page_url}">the document</a>
via a link though.]</iframe></p>
<p>Type the content of the page here.</p>
<form action="http://www.mturk.com/mturk/externalSubmit" method="POST">
	<field type="hidden" value="{assignmentId}" name="assignmentId" />
	<p><textarea rows="15" cols="80" name="content"></textarea></p>
	<p>If you have any comments or questions, please include them here.</p>
	<p><textarea rows="3" cols="80" name="comment"></textarea></p>
	<p><input type="submit" name="submit" value="submit"></input></p>
</form>
